expand macOS enterprise policy docs (#8193)
Microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/setup/enterprise.md

Configuration profiles manage settings on macOS devices. A profile is an XML file with key/value pairs that correspond to available policy. These profiles can be deployed using Mobile Device Management (MDM) solutions, or installed manually.

Starting from VS Code version 1.99, each release ships with a sample `.mobileconfig` file. This file is located within the `.app` bundle under `Contents/Resources/app/policies`. Use a text editor to manually edit or remove policy to match your organization's requirements.

> [!TIP]
> To view the contents of `.app` bundle, right-click on the Application (for example, `/Applications/Visual Studio Code.app` in Finder) and select **Show Package Contents**.

> #### String Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### String policies
```

The example below demonstrates configuration of the `AllowedExtensions` policy. The policy value starts empty in the sample file (no extensions are allowed).

```xml
<key>AllowedExtensions</key>
<string></string>
```

Add the [appropriate JSON string](#configure-allowed-extensions) defining your policy between the `<string>` tags.

```xml
<key>AllowedExtensions</key>
<string>{"microsoft": true, "github": true}</string>
```

Other policies, like `UpdateMode`, accept a string from a set of [predefined values](#configure-automatic-updates).

```xml
<key>UpdateMode</key>
<string>start</string>
```

> #### Boolean Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Boolean policies
```

Boolean policy values are represented with `<true/>` or `<false/>`.

```xml
<key>EnableFeedback</key>
<true/>
```

To omit a given policy, remove its key/value pair from the `.mobileconfig` file. For example, to not enforce an update mode policy, remove the `UpdateMode` key and the `<string></string>` tags that follow it.

```xml

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The provided `.mobileconfig` file initializes **all** policies available in that version of VS Code. Delete any policies that are not needed.
>
> If you do not edit or remove a policy from the sample `.mobileconfig`, that policy will be enforced with its default (restrictive) policy value.

> Configuration profiles are manually installed by double-clicking on the `.mobileconfig` profile in Finder and then enabling it in System Preferences under **General** > **Device Management**.  Removing the profile from System Preferences will remove the policies from VS Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manually install a configuration profile by double-clicking on the `.mobileconfig` profile in Finder and then enabling it in System Preferences under **General** > **Device Management**.  Removing the profile from System Preferences will remove the policies from VS Code.
```
